Help me! Help me!
This this
How can I save this?
I can't do medicine, how can I save this?
It's too late.
Wait until the poison fire is over
Hey girl
What are you doing, girl?
Come on, girl
The girl was offended for a reason
Girl, what are you doing?
Shut up you scumbag
Heaven and earth conscience
I did it to save you
If not
Do you think you will survive until now?
How dare you let a third person know what happened today?
I will kill you too
Everything seems like a nightmare
I don't know when we will meet again
Hey
Mowgli, you big idiot
You don't even remember the person's name, do you?
count
Let's practice first
Fourth grade
What a terrifying leisure speed
Just a few days
He actually broke through to the peak of the fourth grade
Check out this pristine treasure
What good things can be offered?
Rough stone is absolutely open